## Droptripper

You flick the switch, and your cyber rig spins up, humming with life. You pick up the data cable and plug one end into your rig. Your hand travels automatically to data jack at the base of your cranium, right behind your ear. Your fingers manipulate the end of the cable and expertly slide it in, cold and slick, to establish the direct neural interface. Click. Your awareness of the outside world recedes. From the perspective of an outside observer, your eyes go white as your pupils roll back into your head and you have a catatonic look about you, except for your hands. Your fingers fly fast and furious across the keys of your rig as you execute commands.

From your perspective, when you jack in, the real world disappears and is briefly replaced by blackness and a single point of light. The light steadily grows brighter until it consumes you, and then you immediately experience the intense feeling of falling, as if in a dream. The comparison is apt, you see, because when you land and open your eyes, you always find yourself in the same place. The "where" where you are is really, just in your own mind, a dreamscape of sorts, a virtual reality, but not one that was coded or designed by any megacorp. No, the dreamscape of a droptripper is emergent, a product of the human mind coming into direct contact with the data streams of the Net.

The particular dreamscape that you experience is different from one inhabited by another droptripper. For you, the Net may appear as a grassy, green expanse with castles representing large systems and tiny villages representing small ones. For another droptripper, the Net may seem a dark place, more akin an alien world where large systems are seen as giant honeycombs and small systems are represented as hedge mazes. The visual element doesn't actually matter; it is just the way the mind interprets the data. In the early days, the practice led some to madness as they became dissociative and unable to distinguish between the real world and the digital dreamscape of their droptrips. But modern cyber rigs are tuned to their owners' mental frequencies, so the risk is much lower even if it is still technically present.