# Spread

When you make an \[[[Lexicon/Keywords/Keyword_Attack|Attack]]\] with a shotgun, it uses \[Spread\] to hit multiple targets that are \[[[Lexicon/Keywords/Keyword_Close|Close]]\] to one another. To determine which targets are hit, first identify the primary target. Then, look for additional targets that are \[Close\] to the primary and which are not behind \[[[Lexicon/Conditions/Condition_Cover_Full|Cover, Full]]\] or \[[[Lexicon/Conditions/Condition_Cover_Partial|Cover, Partial]]\] (including being behind other people). \[Spread\] can affect up to two additional targets, and you cannot choose to avoid hitting them. If the outcome of the \[Attack\] damage to the primary target, it deals \[[[Lexicon/Keywords/Keyword_Reduced|Reduced]]]\] damage to each additional target as well. You cannot choose to avoid hitting additional targets. 

Also, a weapon with \[Spread\] cannot be used to \[Attack\] targets at \[[[Lexicon/Keywords/Keyword_Far|Far]]\] range.

For example, you use a Graham H6 shotgun to make an \[Attack\] against a target. There are two additional targets standing \[Close\] to the first (primary) target. You make your Firearms roll to use [[Single_Shot|Single Shot]] and score a Success, which deals \[[[Lexicon/Keywords/Keyword_Normal_Damage|Normal Damage]]\]. The H6's \[[[Playing_the_Game/Rolling_the_Dice/Damage_Array|Damage Array]]\] for Single Shot is 9/18/45, so the \[Normal Damage\] is 18. The primary target takes 18 points of damage. The two additional targets take damage from the next step down on the \[Damage Array\], which is \[Minimum Damage\]. The H6's \[Minimum Damage\] is 9, so the two additional targets each take 9 points of damage.