A **pod person** is someone who has chosen to live their life as a digital construct. To become a pod person, you must first have the necessary ports installed in your body. You must also purchase a lease on a pod, which is configured according to your medical needs. The pod contains a bed and a medical apparatus which is connected to your ports so it can deliver saline, nutrients, and medicine, as needed. Pods are stacked, catalogued, and warehoused so they can be more easily administered by the pod corporation. 

The digital life offered to a pod person can vary according to taste and budget, but most choose a shared experience, much like gamers who join others to play online games. In the virtual world, a pod person is "embodied" by their chosen avatar, and they experience that world through virtual senses (sight, hearing, taste, touch, and smell). They can "smell" a steak cooking on a grill in the virtual world, just as if it were real. Their actual, bodily senses in the real world are turned off by the cyber-mods, so they would not smell a real steak cooking in the real world.

Since pods and the digital service they provide are leased, most pod people have jobs. Despite living in a virtual world, the jobs they hold are in real world companies. People from all walks of life have chosen to become pod people, and many carry their careers forward into the virtual world. Lawyers, accountants, data analysts, and other digital workers can easily do their jobs in a virtual world. 

When you become a pod person, there is no going back. For all but the most expensive contracts, no attempt is made to prevent the muscles from atrophying, nor is any care given to hygiene beyond a basic rinse and flush once per month. Even if a pod person was able to wake up and get out of their pod, they would be too weak to walk, and they would likely appear to be a hideous monster with such unkempt hair and fingernails. It is expected that a pod person will ultimately die in their pod. Luckily, an automated process handles the disposal of expired customers and prepares the pods to be leased again. 